A portfolio website is a unique way to showcase our work. A personal portfolio website is a professional website that provides information about what we do, what services we may offer, and how to contact us or our company. If you are a student or a professional looking to get ahead, you need a website. Portfolio websites are an easy way to promote ourself, our brand, or our business. Having your own website means customers are always able to find you and if interested, reach out for you. If you don’t have an online presence nowadays, you are behind the times. In my personal portfolio website, I added education which tells about my school and college names. Then I have experience in the website, and skills which I have like in Programing languages I have learnt C++, Python, and web technologies like HTML, PHP, CSS, and I have also mentioned the level of proficiency I have in them. Then I have contact me section where I have mentioned my contact details like name, email address, something about me, some message I want to give to the people, my thoughts, and then y social media handles. A personal website or portfolio is an opportunity to reach more people with your work. 
It’s also an extension of your personality and gives you the chance to craft a design that reflects who you are as a creative. A personal portfolio is essential in bringing attention to your work and can help you land gigs doing more of what you love to do. It’s like an evergreen platform for your projects, case studies, and information about you. In addition, it’s one of the best ways to express your personality, experience, and capabilities.
